docs: update README to align with the new project brand (#343)
notaryproject/notation-go: README.md

> # Notation Golang library

Reviewer: How about keeping the title to be same as the repo's name, i.e. `notation-go`?

[![Build Status](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-go/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?event=push&branch=main)](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-go/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=workflow%3Abuild+event%3Apush+branch%3Amain)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/notaryproject/notation-go/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/notaryproject/notation-go)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/notaryproject/notation-go.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/notaryproject/notation-go@main)

> A collection of libraries for Notation, provides the ability to sign, verify, push, and pull OCI artifacts. Based on the Notary Project standard. You can develop your own client for signing and verifying artifacts by using the Notation Golang library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A collection of libraries for Notation, provides the ability to sign, verify, push, and pull OCI artifacts. Based on the Notary Project standard. You can develop your own client for signing and verifying artifacts by using the notation-go library.
```

> A collection of libraries for Notation, provides the ability to sign, verify, push, and pull OCI artifacts. Based on the Notary Project standard. You can develop your own client for signing and verifying artifacts by using the Notation Golang library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"notation-go offers libraries for signing, validating, uploading, and downloading OCI artifacts using [Notary Project specifications](url). notation-go is used by [notation](url) CLI for signing and verifying artifacts ."
```
```suggestion
A collection of libraries for Notation, provides the ability to sign, verify, push, and pull OCI artifacts. Based on the Notary Project standard. You can develop your own client for signing and verifying artifacts by using the Notation Golang library.
```

> Notation Golang library reaches stable in July 2023 and is in active development status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
notation-go reaches stable in July 2023 and is in active development status.
```

> Notation Golang library reaches stable in July 2023 and is in active development status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
notation-go reached a stable release as of July 2023 and continues to be actively developed
```

> > **Note** The Notation documentation is available [here](https://notaryproject.dev/docs/). You can also find the Notary Project [README](https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/blob/main/README.md) to learn about the overall Notary Project.

Reviewer 3: Suggest moving overall readme from this Note to line 10

## Table of Contents
- [Core Documents](#core-documents)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)
 

> ## Core Documents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Documentation
```

# notation-go

[![Build Status](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-go/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?event=push&branch=main)](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-go/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=workflow%3Abuild+event%3Apush+branch%3Amain)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/notaryproject/notation-go/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/notaryproject/notation-go)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/notaryproject/notation-go.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/notaryproject/notation-go@main)

> notation-go offers libraries for signing, verifying, uploading, and downloading OCI artifacts using [Notary Project specifications](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications). notation-go is used by [notation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation) CLI for signing and verifying artifacts.

Reviewer: At another look, I think we should not use the term `OCI artifacts` because it's not a defined term in the OCI spec. In addition, notation-go only upload/download signatures, it doesn't do the same to the target artifact.
```suggestion
notation-go offers libraries for signing, verifying, uploading, and downloading signatures following the [Notary Project specifications](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications). notation-go is used by [notation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation) CLI for signing and verifying artifacts.
```

> notation-go offers libraries for signing, verifying, uploading, and downloading OCI artifacts using [Notary Project specifications](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications). notation-go is used by [notation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation) CLI for signing and verifying artifacts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
notation-go contains libraries for signing and verification of artifacts as per [Notary Project specifications](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications). notation-go is being used by [notation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation) CLI.
```

> notation-go reached a stable release as of July 2023 and continues to be actively developed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
notation-go reached a stable release as of July 2023 and continues to be actively developed and maintained.
```

> You can also find the Notary Project [README](https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/blob/main/README.md) to learn about the overall Notary Project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please visit [README](https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/blob/main/README.md) to know more about Notary Project.
```

> **Note** The Notary Project documentation is available [here](https://notaryproject.dev/docs/). 

## Table of Contents

> - [Core Documents](#core-documents)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Documentation](#documentation)
```

## Table of Contents
- [Core Documents](#core-documents)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)
 
## Documentation

## Core Documents

> * [Governance for Notation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notary/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md)

Reviewer 2: We need to update Code of conduct section (commented here as I cannot comment on section which has no diff).

Author: Sorry I didn't see the where should be updated in the Code of conduct section. Those information are still up to date. Can you point it out, or raise another PR to update it?

> All examples and library documentation are available at [Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/notaryproject/notation-go@main#section-documentation).

Reviewer 4: `@main#section-documentation` should this be removed?

> All examples and library documentation are available at [Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/notaryproject/notation-go@main#section-documentation).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Library documentation is available at [Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/notaryproject/notation-go).
```
